README.md, before:

 > As you complete each section you **must** remove the prompt text. Every *turnin* of this project includes points for formatting of this README so keep it clean and keep it up to date. 
 > Prompt text is any lines beginning with "\>"
 > Replace anything between \<...\> with your project specifics and remove angle brackets. For example, you need to name your project and replace the header right below this line with that title (no angle brackets). 
# \<Project title\>
 > Your author list below should include links to all members GitHub (remove existing author).
 
 > Authors: \<[Jeffrey McDaniel](https://github.com/jmcda001)\>

 > You will be forming a group of **FOUR** students and working on an interesting project. The project has 4 phases, each one with specific requirements. A list of proposed project ideas that have been successful in previous quarters is listed in the project specifications document on Canvas. You can select an idea from the list and start thinking about the features you will implement. If you want to propose your own original idea, you will have to contact your instructor to discuss the project and obtain written permission before you submit your project proposal (Phase 1). The project work should be divided almost equally among team members. You can of course help each other, but it needs to be clear who will be responsible for which features. Additionally, you are expected to follow Scrum patterns, specifically the use of a Scrum (Project) board, Sprints, and Scrum meetings.

 > ## Expectations
 > * The backend of your project should be implemented in C++. If you wish to choose anoher programming language (e.g. Java, Python), please discuss with your lab TA to obtain permission.
 > * You can incorporate additional technologies/tools but they must be approved (in writing) by the instructor or the TA.
 > * Each member of the group **must** be committing code regularly and make sure their code is correctly attributed to them. We will be checking attributions to determine if there was equal contribution to the project.
 > * **Each member of the group must actively participate in the Github Project board, writing unit tests, and reviewing commited code.**
> * All project phases are to be submitted to this GitHub repository. You should modify this README file to reflect the different phases of the project. In addition, you should regularly hold sprint meetings with your group. You will need to hold two to three scrum/check-in meetings with your lab TA/reader at different times in addition to the final demo.

## Project Description
 > Your project description should summarize the project you are proposing. Be sure to include:
 > * Why is it important or interesting to you?
 > * What languages/tools/technologies do you plan to use? (This list may change over the course of the project)
 > * What will be the input/output of your project?
 > * What are the features that the project provides?
 > This description should be in enough detail that the TA/instructor can determine the complexity of the project and if it is sufficient for the team members to complete in the time allotted. 
 > 
 > You also need to set up an empty project board using GitHub projects (board view with default columns). Make sure you add the board under your project repository. You should also have a Product Backlog and In testing columns added. All columns should be in the right order.
 > ## Phase II
 > In addition to completing the "User Interface Specification" and "Class Diagram" sections below, you will need to:
 > * Create an "Epic" (note) for each feature. Place these epics in the `Product Backlog` column
 > * Complete your first *sprint planning* meeting to plan out the next 7 days of work.
 >   * Break down the "Epics" into smaller actionable user stories (i.e. smaller development tasks). Convert them into issues and assign them to team members. Place these in the `TODO` column (aka Sprint Backlog).
 >   * These cards should represent roughly 7 days worth of development time for your team. Then, once the sprint is over you should be repeating these steps to plan a new sprint, taking you until your second scrum meeting with the reader in phase III.
 > * Schedule two check-ins using Calendly. Both time slots should be during your lab on week 6. Your entire team must be present for both check-ins.
 >   * The first check-in needs to be scheduled with your lab TA. During that meeting, you will discuss your project design/class diagram from phase II.
 >   * The second check-in should be scheduled with a reader. During that meeting you will discuss:
 >     * The tasks you are planning for the first sprint
 >     * How work will be divided between the team members
## User Interface Specification
 > Include a navigation diagram for your screens and the layout of each of those screens as desribed below. For all the layouts/diagrams, you can use any tool such as PowerPoint or a drawing program. (Specification requirement is adapted from the User Interface Design Document Template of CMSC 345 at the University of Maryland Global Campus)

### Navigation Diagram
> Draw a diagram illustrating how the user can navigate from one screen to another. Here is an [example](https://creately.com/diagram/example/ikfqudv82/user-navigation-diagram-classic?r=v). It can be useful to label each symbol that represents a screen so that you can reference the screens in the next section or the rest of the document if necessary. Give a brief description of what the diagram represents.

### Screen Layouts
> Include the layout of each of your screens. The layout should describe the screen’s major components such as menus and prompts for user inputs and expected output, or any graphical user interface components if applicable (e.g. buttons, text boxes, etc). Explain what is on the layout, and the purpose of each menu item, button, etc. If many screens share the same layout, start by describing the general layout and then list the screens that will be using that layout and the differences between each of them.

## Class Diagram
 > Include a **class diagram(s)** for your project and a **description** of the diagram(s). Your class diagram(s) should include all the main classes you plan for the project. This should be in sufficient detail that another group could pick up the project this point and successfully complete it. Use proper UML notation (as discussed in the course slides).
 
 > ## Phase III
 > You will need to schedule a check-in for the second scrum meeting with the same reader you had your first scrum meeting with (using Calendly). Your entire team must be present. This meeting will occur on week 8 during lab time.
 
 > BEFORE the meeting you should do the following:
 > * Update your class diagram from Phase II to include any feedback you received from your TA/grader.
 > * Considering the SOLID design principles, reflect back on your class diagram and think about how you can use the SOLID principles to improve your design. You should then update the README.md file by adding the following:
 >   * A new class diagram incorporating your changes after considering the SOLID principles.
 >   * For each update in your class diagram, you must explain in 3-4 sentences:
 >     * What SOLID principle(s) did you apply?
 >     * How did you apply it? i.e. describe the change.
 >     * How did this change help you write better code?
 > * Perform a new sprint plan like you did in Phase II.
 > * You should also make sure that your README file (and Project board) are up-to-date reflecting the current status of your project and the most recent class diagram. Previous versions of the README file should still be visible through your commit history.
 
> During the meeting with your reader you will discuss: 
 > * How effective your last sprint was (each member should talk about what they did)
 > * Any tasks that did not get completed last sprint, and how you took them into consideration for this sprint
 > * Any bugs you've identified and created issues for during the sprint. Do you plan on fixing them in the next sprint or are they lower priority?
 > * What tasks you are planning for this next sprint.

 
 > ## Final deliverable
 > All group members will give a demo to the reader during lab time. ou should schedule your demo on Calendly with the same reader who took your second scrum meeting. The reader will check the demo and the project GitHub repository and ask a few questions to all the team members. 
 > Before the demo, you should do the following:
 > * Complete the sections below (i.e. Screenshots, Installation/Usage, Testing)
 > * Plan one more sprint (that you will not necessarily complete before the end of the quarter). Your In-progress and In-testing columns should be empty (you are not doing more work currently) but your TODO column should have a full sprint plan in it as you have done before. This should include any known bugs (there should be some) or new features you would like to add. These should appear as issues/cards on your Project board.
 > * Make sure your README file and Project board are up-to-date reflecting the current status of your project (e.g. any changes that you have made during the project such as changes to your class diagram). Previous versions should still be visible through your commit history. 
 
 ## Screenshots
 > Screenshots of the input/output after running your application
 ## Installation/Usage
 > Instructions on installing and running your application
 ## Testing
 > How was your project tested/validated? If you used CI, you should have a "build passing" badge in this README.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Names  Product Description

README.md, after:

 > As you complete each section you **must** remove the prompt text. Every *turnin* of this project includes points for formatting of this README so keep it clean and keep it up to date. 
 > Prompt text is any lines beginning with "\>"
 > Replace anything between \<...\> with your project specifics and remove angle brackets. For example, you need to name your project and replace the header right below this line with that title (no angle brackets). 
# \<Library System\> 
 > Authors: \<[Rishi Dave](https://github.com/Rishi-Dave)\>
>\<[Atharva Nevasekar](https://github.com/atharvanev)\>
> \<[Hanlin Liu](https://github.com/Diao2887)\>
> \<[Xuanyang Lai](https://github.com/sleepycreamcake)\>

 > You will be forming a group of **FOUR** students and working on an interesting project. The project has 4 phases, each one with specific requirements. A list of proposed project ideas that have been successful in previous quarters is listed in the project specifications document on Canvas. You can select an idea from the list and start thinking about the features you will implement. If you want to propose your own original idea, you will have to contact your instructor to discuss the project and obtain written permission before you submit your project proposal (Phase 1). The project work should be divided almost equally among team members. You can of course help each other, but it needs to be clear who will be responsible for which features. Additionally, you are expected to follow Scrum patterns, specifically the use of a Scrum (Project) board, Sprints, and Scrum meetings.

 > ## Expectations
 > * The backend of your project should be implemented in C++. If you wish to choose anoher programming language (e.g. Java, Python), please discuss with your lab TA to obtain permission.
 > * You can incorporate additional technologies/tools but they must be approved (in writing) by the instructor or the TA.
 > * Each member of the group **must** be committing code regularly and make sure their code is correctly attributed to them. We will be checking attributions to determine if there was equal contribution to the project.
 > * **Each member of the group must actively participate in the Github Project board, writing unit tests, and reviewing commited code.**
> * All project phases are to be submitted to this GitHub repository. You should modify this README file to reflect the different phases of the project. In addition, you should regularly hold sprint meetings with your group. You will need to hold two to three scrum/check-in meetings with your lab TA/reader at different times in addition to the final demo.

## Project Description
 >Project Description:
> * It is interesting because we can develop a system that allows users to sign up for accounts, so that they can have a wallet for the library, display available books and borrow books.
> * We plan to use C++ and a Backend System such as SQL(still work in progress)
> * The input of the project will be user inputs. Before that, we as the administrator, can add/edit/remove books in order to build a basic storage of the program. The output of the project will be a list of books based on the user inputs.
> * The features that the project provides:
>     * Organized books that are sorted in different ways:
>         * Name
>         * Author
>         * Genres
>         * Rating
>         * Release Date
>     * Books will be shown on screen in selected sorting. User will be able to borrow the books they like.
>     * Users can deposit in their account. If they want to borrow books, there will be a charge based on the time they return the books.
>     * The library have a limited amount of books. Once a user borrows a book, the storage of the library will change. If a book is out of storage, it will be in a hiden file.
>     * User accounts can only manage their account, display books and borrow books. Only administrator can add/edit/remove books.

 > ## Phase II
 > In addition to completing the "User Interface Specification" and "Class Diagram" sections below, you will need to:
 > * Create an "Epic" (note) for each feature. Place these epics in the `Product Backlog` column
 > * Complete your first *sprint planning* meeting to plan out the next 7 days of work.
 >   * Break down the "Epics" into smaller actionable user stories (i.e. smaller development tasks). Convert them into issues and assign them to team members. Place these in the `TODO` column (aka Sprint Backlog).
 >   * These cards should represent roughly 7 days worth of development time for your team. Then, once the sprint is over you should be repeating these steps to plan a new sprint, taking you until your second scrum meeting with the reader in phase III.
 > * Schedule two check-ins using Calendly. Both time slots should be during your lab on week 6. Your entire team must be present for both check-ins.
 >   * The first check-in needs to be scheduled with your lab TA. During that meeting, you will discuss your project design/class diagram from phase II.
 >   * The second check-in should be scheduled with a reader. During that meeting you will discuss:
 >     * The tasks you are planning for the first sprint
 >     * How work will be divided between the team members
## User Interface Specification
 > Include a navigation diagram for your screens and the layout of each of those screens as desribed below. For all the layouts/diagrams, you can use any tool such as PowerPoint or a drawing program. (Specification requirement is adapted from the User Interface Design Document Template of CMSC 345 at the University of Maryland Global Campus)

### Navigation Diagram
> Draw a diagram illustrating how the user can navigate from one screen to another. Here is an [example](https://creately.com/diagram/example/ikfqudv82/user-navigation-diagram-classic?r=v). It can be useful to label each symbol that represents a screen so that you can reference the screens in the next section or the rest of the document if necessary. Give a brief description of what the diagram represents.

### Screen Layouts
> Include the layout of each of your screens. The layout should describe the screen’s major components such as menus and prompts for user inputs and expected output, or any graphical user interface components if applicable (e.g. buttons, text boxes, etc). Explain what is on the layout, and the purpose of each menu item, button, etc. If many screens share the same layout, start by describing the general layout and then list the screens that will be using that layout and the differences between each of them.

## Class Diagram
 > Include a **class diagram(s)** for your project and a **description** of the diagram(s). Your class diagram(s) should include all the main classes you plan for the project. This should be in sufficient detail that another group could pick up the project this point and successfully complete it. Use proper UML notation (as discussed in the course slides).
 
 > ## Phase III
 > You will need to schedule a check-in for the second scrum meeting with the same reader you had your first scrum meeting with (using Calendly). Your entire team must be present. This meeting will occur on week 8 during lab time.
 
 > BEFORE the meeting you should do the following:
 > * Update your class diagram from Phase II to include any feedback you received from your TA/grader.
 > * Considering the SOLID design principles, reflect back on your class diagram and think about how you can use the SOLID principles to improve your design. You should then update the README.md file by adding the following:
 >   * A new class diagram incorporating your changes after considering the SOLID principles.
 >   * For each update in your class diagram, you must explain in 3-4 sentences:
 >     * What SOLID principle(s) did you apply?
 >     * How did you apply it? i.e. describe the change.
 >     * How did this change help you write better code?
 > * Perform a new sprint plan like you did in Phase II.
 > * You should also make sure that your README file (and Project board) are up-to-date reflecting the current status of your project and the most recent class diagram. Previous versions of the README file should still be visible through your commit history.
 
> During the meeting with your reader you will discuss: 
 > * How effective your last sprint was (each member should talk about what they did)
 > * Any tasks that did not get completed last sprint, and how you took them into consideration for this sprint
 > * Any bugs you've identified and created issues for during the sprint. Do you plan on fixing them in the next sprint or are they lower priority?
 > * What tasks you are planning for this next sprint.

 
 > ## Final deliverable
 > All group members will give a demo to the reader during lab time. ou should schedule your demo on Calendly with the same reader who took your second scrum meeting. The reader will check the demo and the project GitHub repository and ask a few questions to all the team members. 
 > Before the demo, you should do the following:
 > * Complete the sections below (i.e. Screenshots, Installation/Usage, Testing)
 > * Plan one more sprint (that you will not necessarily complete before the end of the quarter). Your In-progress and In-testing columns should be empty (you are not doing more work currently) but your TODO column should have a full sprint plan in it as you have done before. This should include any known bugs (there should be some) or new features you would like to add. These should appear as issues/cards on your Project board.
 > * Make sure your README file and Project board are up-to-date reflecting the current status of your project (e.g. any changes that you have made during the project such as changes to your class diagram). Previous versions should still be visible through your commit history. 
 
 ## Screenshots
 > Screenshots of the input/output after running your application
 ## Installation/Usage
 > Instructions on installing and running your application
 ## Testing
 > How was your project tested/validated? If you used CI, you should have a "build passing" badge in this README.
